Various exception handling method, a very good.
But the problem is you have to find
other exception types and write code to call all of them.
Instead, I'm going to introduce a relatively easy approach,
which is using the simple mapping exception resolver.
Each map, each category of exceptions to a view in a configurable way.
So instead of using the global exception hunger to define
each individual exceptions in individual method,
we're creating one method to handle all the exceptions.
What do we do is, we initiate a simple mapping exception resolver in the method.
Where we're putting other exception
and the exception views into the map as a key value pair.
Let's take a look. So error seems pretty much as soon as we did to handle the exceptions.
What differences is, rather than reading the message one-by-one,
we're adding those to a map.
So our code is much more easier to manage.